"The things you own end up owning you." - Tyler
"I say never be complete. I say stop being perfect. I say let's evolve. Let the chips fall where they may." - Tyler
"Did you know if you mixed equal parts of gasoline, orange juice concentrate you can make napalm?" - Tyler
"We are consumers. We're the by products of a lifestyle obsession." - Tyler
"If you aren't on your way to becoming a vet in six weeks, you will be dead." - Tyler
"It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything." - Tyler
"I want you to hit me as hard as you can." - Tyler
"Sticking feathers up your butt does not make you a chicken." - Tyler
"Now, a question of etiquette, as I pass, do I give you the ass or the crotch?" - Tyler
"Where'd you go, psycho boy?" - Tyler
"You decide your own level of involvement!" - Tyler
"I found freedom. Losing all hope was freedom." - the Narrator
"Why didn't you include me, in the beginning?" - the Narrator
"I'm gonna go inside, and I'm gonna get a shovel." - the Narrator
"And then, Tyler was gone." - the Narrator
"I felt like destroying something beautiful." - the Narrator
"With insomnia, nothing's real. Everything is far away. Everything is a copy of a copy of a copy." - the Narrator
"I Have To Remind Myself That Some Birds Aren't Meant To Be Caged." - Ellis Boy "Red" Redding, Shawshank Redemption
"Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free." - Stephen King, Shawshank Redemption
"Lord, it's a miracle! A man up and vanished like a fart in the wind." - Warden Samuel Norton, Shawshank Redemption
"In prison a man will do most anything to keep his mind occupied." - Andy Dufresne, Shawshank Redemption
"Put your trust in the Lord. Your ass belongs to me." - Warden Samuel Norton, Shawshank Redemption
"You don't have time to think up there. If you think, you're dead." - Maverick
"I think I'll go embarrass myself with Goose." - Maverick
"It's classified. I could tell you, but then I'd have to kill you." - Maverick
"You have to do the best with what God gave you." - Mrs. Gump
"Mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get." - Forrest Gump
"When I got tired, I slept. When I got hungry, I ate. When I had to go, you know, I went." -  Forrest Gump
"There's an awful lot you can tell about a person by their shoes." - Forrest Gump
"There's only so much fortune a man really needs, and the rest is just for showin' off." - Forrest Gump
"Mama always said, dying was a part of life. I sure wish it wasn't." - Forrest Gump
"Mama always had a way of explaining things so I could understand them." - Forrest Gump
"Stupid is as stupid does." - Forrest Gump
"What's normal anyways?" - Forrest Gump
"Hard work beats talent. Every time!" - Jordan Belfort
"Risk is what keeps us young." - Joanna Lumley
"When the window of opportunity open, that's when you work twice as hard." - Jordan Belfort
"There is no nobility in poverty." - Jordan Belfort
"You got my money taped to your tits, honey. Technically, you do work for me." - Donnie Azoff
"Sell me this pen!" - Jordan Belfort
"I'm into, uh, well, murders and executions, mostly." - Patrick Bateman
"Duct tape. I need it for… taping something." - Patrick Bateman
"I'll never turn to the dark side. You've failed, your highness. I am a Jedi, like my father before me." - Luke Skywalker
"There's always a bigger fish." - Qui Gon Jinn
"In my experience there is no such thing as luck." - Obi Wan
"This is a new day, a new beginning." - Ahsoka Tano
"Fear is the path to the dark side." - Yoda
"Someday I will be the most powerful Jedi ever." - Anakin
"Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose." - Yoda
"Your focus determines your reality." - Qui Gon Jinn
"Always in motion is the future." - Yoda
"Let the past die. Kill it." - Kylo
"Size matters not. Look at me. Judge me by my size, do you? And well you should not. For my ally is the Force, and a powerful ally it is." - Yoda
"Never tell me the odds." - Han Solo
"Hate leads to suffering." - Yoda
"A Big Mac's a Big Mac, but they call it Le Big Mac." - Pulp Fiction
"Besides, isn't it more exciting when you don't have permission?" - Pulp Fiction
"I'm in a transitional period so I don't wanna kill you, I wanna help you." - Pulp Fiction
"Now, you've got a corpse in a car, minus a head, in a garage. Take me to it." - Pulp Fiction
"What is significant is that I felt the touch of God. God got involved." - Pulp Fiction
"You read the Bible, Brett?" - Pulp Fiction
"It's the little differences." - Pulp Fiction
"Pride only hurts, it never helps." - Pulp Fiction
"We have unfinished business." - The Bride
"That woman deserves her revenge...and we deserve to die." - Budd
"Clark Kent is Superman's critique on the whole human race." - Bill
"Bitch you don't have a future." - The Bride
"You could unshackle yourselves, take that rifle, put a bullet in his head, bury the two of them deep, and then make your way to a more enlightened area of this country. The choice is yours. Oh, and on the off chance there are any astronomy aficionados amongst you, the North Star is that one". - Dr. King Schultz
"Normally, Monsieur Candie, I would say "Auf wiedersehen." But since what "auf wiedersehen" actually means is 'till I see you again', and since I never wish to see you again, to you sir, I say: 'goodbye'." - Dr. King Schultz
"I like the way you die, boy" - Django
"You better listen to your boss, white boy" - Django
"We Ain't In The Prisoner-Takin' Business; We're In The Killin' Nazi Business." - Aldo Raine
"I, On The Other Hand, Love My Unofficial Title, Precisely Because I've Earned It." - Hans Landa
"Watching Donny Beat Nazis To Death Is The Closest We Ever Get To Goin' To The Movies." - Aldo Raine
"Fenway Park on its feet for Teddy fuckin' Ballgame! He went yardo on that one, out to fuckin' Lansdowne Street!" - The Bear Jew
"My Name Is Shosanna Dreyfus... and this is the face of Jewish vengeance!" - Shosanna Dreyfus
"You Know Somethin', Utivich? I think this just might be my masterpiece." - Aldo Raine
"He moves his lips when he reads. What does that tell you?" - Melanie
"When you absolutely, positively got to kill every motherfucker in the room, accept no substitutes." - Ordell Robbie
"What the fuck happened to you, man? Shit, your ass used to be beautiful!" - Ordell Robbie
"You believe in Jesus now, huh bitch? Well good. 'Cause you 'bout to meet him" - Maj, Marquis Warren
"Choice is an illusion created between those with power and those without." - Merovingian
"I don't like the idea that I'm not in control of my life." - Neo
"You played a very dangerous game." - The Architect
"Denial is the most predictable of all human responses." - The Architect
"Unfortunately, no one can be told what The Matrix is. You'll have to see it for yourself." - Morpheus
"Ever have that feeling where you're not sure if you're awake or dreaming?" - Neo
"Welcome to the desert of the real." - Morpheus
"Your mind makes it real." - Morpheus
"As long as the Matrix exists, the human race will never be free." - Morpheus
"I must get out of here. I must get free." - Smith
"If you're committed enough, you can make any story work." - Saul Goodman
"Congratulations, you've just left your family a second-hand Subaru." - Saul Goodman
"Darth Vader had responsibilities. He was responsible for the Death Star." - Badger
"I hide in plain sight, same as you." - Gustavo Fring
"Say my name." - Walter White
"We're done when I say we're done." - Walter White
"Fuck you and your eyebrows." - Walter White
"I Believe What Doesn't Kill You Simply Makes You, Stranger." - The Joker
"He's The Hero Gotham Deserves, But Not The One It Needs Right Now." - Commissioner Gordon
"Why Do We Fall, Sir? So That We Can Learn To Pick Ourselves Up." - Alfred
"Madness, As You Know, Is A Lot Like Gravity. All It Takes Is A Little Push." - The Joker
"It's Not Who I Am Underneath, But What I Do That Defines Me." - Batman
"You Either Die A Hero Or Live Long Enough To See Yourself Become The Villain." - Two Face
"Some Men Just Want To Watch The World Burn." - Alfred
"As A Man, I'm Flesh And Blood; I Can Be Ignored, I Can Be Destroyed. But As A Symbol... As A Symbol I Can Be Incorruptible. I Can Be Everlasting." - Bruce Wayne
"Why So Serious?" - The Joker
"You're Smarter Than You Look, Marshall. That's Probably Not A Good Thing." - Shutter Island
"You Act Like Insanity Is Catching." - Shutter Island
"Which Would Be Worse: To Live As A Monster, Or To Die As A Good Man?" - Shutter Island
"You Mustn't Be Afraid To Dream A Little Bigger, Darling." - Eames
"Once An Idea Has Taken Hold Of The Brain, It's Almost Impossible To Eradicate." - Dom Cobb
"They Say We Only Use A Fraction Of Our Brain's True Potential." - Dom Cobb
"I Feel Like I Should Help The People Who Helped Me." - Tony
"Why Should You Be Embarrassed About Being Honest And Saying Something Nice?" - Kath
"Another Day. Gotta Keep It Together. Face The World." - Tony
"We're All Screwed Up In One Way Or Another. It Sort Of Makes You Normal." - Tony
"Good People Do Things For Other People. That's It. The End." - Tony
"I'd Rather Be Nowhere With Her Than Somewhere Without Her." - Tony
"We're Not Just Here For Us, We're Here For Others." - Tony
"The world is going to end unless we have sex right now." - Mark Bellison
"We Live In A Twilight World and There Are No Friends At Dusk." - The Protagonist
"One Man's Probability Of Death...Is Another Man's Possibility For A Life." - Andrei Sator
"We used to look up at the sky and wonder at our place in the stars, now we just look down and worry about our place in the dirt." - Cooper
"Mankind was born on Earth ... it was never meant to die here." - Cooper
"When your enemy's making mistakes, don't interrupt him." - Billy Beane
"Friends don't make their friends die." - Marty
"Peace is for queers, and now you're gonna die." - Charlie
"Art and peace and all that shit can wait" - Bill
"I'm Kind Of A Big Deal In This Industry." - Vilanelle
"I Have To Kill You Now." - Vilanelle
"You Should Never Tell A Psychopath They Are A Psychopath. It Upsets Them." - Vilanelle
"Letting Yourself Into My Apartment And Drinking From A Tiny Cup Doesn't Make You Intimidating, By The Way. It's Just Rude." - Vilanelle
"Sometimes When You Love Someone You Do Crazy Things." - Vilanelle
"You Should Really Ask Before You Touch A Person." - Vilanelle
"Perfection is the enemy of perfectly adequate." - Jimmy McGill
"Money is not beside the point... Money is the point." - Jimmy McGill
"Sometimes the good guys win." - Jimmy McGill
"I need to believe that something extraordinary is possible." - Alicia Nash
"Nothing's ever for sure, John. That's the only sure thing I do know." - Charles Herman
"Classes will dull your mind, destroy the potential for authentic creativity." - John Nash
"Think of it. A digital computer. Electrical brain." - Alan Turing
"Do you know why people like violence? It is because it feels good. Humans find violence deeply satisfying. But remove the satisfaction, and the act becomes... hollow." - Alan Turing
"Was I God? No. Because God didn't win the war. We did." - Alan Turing
"Advice about keeping secrets: it's a lot easier if you don't know them in the first place." - Alan Turing
"Even a broken clock is right twice a day." - Alan Turing
"Hardest time to lie to somebody is when they're expecting to be lied to." - Alan Turing
"I know it's not ordinary. But who ever loved ordinary?" - Joan Clarke
"When people talk to each other, they never say what they mean. [pause] They say something else and you're expected to just know what they mean." - Alan Turing
"You Shoot Me In A Dream, You Better Wake Up And Apologize." - Mr. White
"Torture You? That's A Good Idea. I Like That." - Mr. Blonde
"Like a midget at a urinal I was going to have to stay on my toes." - Leslie Nielsen
"Truth hurts. Maybe not as much as jumping on a bicycle with the seat missing, but it hurts." - Leslie Nielsen
"Doing nothing is very tough to do because you never know when you're finished. The upside is that from the moment you wake up in the morning, you're on the job." - Leslie Nielsen
"Like a blind man at an orgy, I was going to have to feel my way through." - Leslie Nielsen
"I really have to keep an eye on myself, because sometimes I think I might say something important." - Leslie Nielsen
"I'm sure that we can handle this situation maturely, just like the responsible adults that we are. Isn't that right, Mr... Poopy Pants?" - Leslie Nielsen
"I like my sex the way I play basketball, one on one with as little dribbling as possible." - Leslie Nielsen
"It doesn't really matter where I go (Heaven or Hell). I'll have plenty of friends in both places." - Leslie Nielsen
"One thing a person won't do when he's laughing is try to beat you up." - Leslie Nielsen
"There's an old saying that God exists in your search for him. I just want you to understand that I ain't looking." - Leslie Nielsen
"The reason they call if 'golf' is that all the other 4 letter words were used up." - Leslie Nielsen
"Do your part to silence gossip, don't repeat it." - Leslie Nielsen
"The reason there's a question mark on my front door is just in case I forget my address." - Leslie Nielsen
"Shirley! Don't call me Shirley!" - Leslie Nielsen
"Those who the gods seek to destroy first, learn how to play golf." - Leslie Nielsen
"You said you worked hard? Well, maybe you need to work a little longer." - Saitama
"I'm not a hero because I want your approval. I do it because I want to!" - Saitama
"I'll leave tomorrow's problems to tomorrow's me." - Saitama
"Overwhelming strength is boring." - Saitama
"You gotta train like hell until the point where your hair falls out. That's the only way to become truly strong." - Saitama
"Human beings are strong because we can change ourselves." - Saitama
"You have to keep doing it. No matter how difficult it gets. It took me a full 3 years to get this strong." - Saitama
"If the heroes run and hide, who will stay and fight?" - Saitama
"Stop me if you can. Until then, I'll stay this cocky." - Garou
"The only one who cares about ranks… is you dumbass." - Garou
"You are too young to worry about failure. In a pinch, just muddle through. The outcome won't change, so that's best." - Bang
"I only accept the strong." - Automic Samurai
"When You Die, I'll Be The One Writing Your Name In My Death Note." - Ryuk
"I'll Take A Potato Chip... And Eat It!" - Light
"Humans Are So... Interesting." - Ryuk
"In The End, There Is No Greater Motivation Than Revenge." - Mello
